RS: Cannot mix RAM-only and flash clusters in Active-Active config (#3181)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/databases/active-active/planning.md

## Participating clusters

> You must [set up at least two participating clusters]({{<relref "/rs/clusters/new-cluster-setup">}}) for an Active-Active database. If your database requires more than ten participating clusters, contact Redis support. You can [add or remove participating clusters]({{<relref "/rs/databases/active-active/manage#participating-clusters/">}}) after database creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need at least [two participating clusters]({{<relref "/rs/clusters/new-cluster-setup">}}) for an Active-Active database. If your database requires more than ten participating clusters, contact Redis support. You can [add or remove participating clusters]({{<relref "/rs/databases/active-active/manage#participating-clusters/">}}) after database creation.
```

{{<note>}}

> You cannot add RAM-only clusters and clusters with flash storage enabled for [Auto Tiering]({{<relref "/rs/databases/auto-tiering">}}) to the same Active-Active configuration.

Reviewer: Same as above. You might also do something like "clusters with flash storage and cluster without (RAM-only)"
